OK, so let's go ahead and add this other button or icon there.
Sign out.
So that's going to be right after we have a retitle.
So outside I'm going to add a spacer first because I want to give some sort of space between this title
with the icon.
Let's give a modifier in this case whose width of about 115 can play around with this.
All right.
And next here, I'll have to add, of course, this icon.
But I have to think about it because remember, I'm constructing this reader app bar, which is going
to be used in different places, potentially.
Right?
So if there is show profile is true, that means I am on main screen.
If that's not true, then I'm not going to have that profile, which means I have to change a few things,
right?
Some things are not going to be shown there.
This here, it's actually going to be inside of our actions, an icon button.
And when this is clicked, what I wanted to do is I want to make sure that we exit or we lock the user
out.
Was a firebase going to get instance here and say, sign out.
I this.
But I want something else to happen the moment they're signed out, because if we are signed out, we
want to go somewhere.
I can then say, don't run to have this run block here to say, OK, whenever this happens, I want
to run this unit of code here and let's say enough controller because I have control.
I have access to it and would navigate.
Oops.
Let's make sure that we get the correct one.
Navigate to here, let's say, leader screens.
I'm going to go back to our login screen as such.
So inside, of course, of our button, let's go ahead and add this icon there.
Now, there are different ways to do this.
Now I can add an image here and then go to our resource troubles and invoke an icon such as this OK,
which means then I have to go and find an icon like this on line somewhere and then add it to my project,
which is fine.
But there's a different way to do so.
We can actually import or have an icon's dependency, which will allow us to have more icons than when
we say, like these icons, these are icons that come with Android X rank and say default, for instance,
and we want to get something like this log out if we have something.
But in this case, because these icons are limited because icons take a lot of space in your project.
So when the project is created, Android Studio doesn't dump all of the icons possible into our icons,
library and dependency.
So we'll have to actually add that dependency to have all of those icons, at least most of the icons,
anyway.
So let's come out with go to build a cradle, and I'm going to add this dependencies here that he should
have discovered you should have access to it.
So I'm going to just add here now, one of the things to remember is that if you add this dependency
of material icons extended, which has a lot of icons, it will weigh on your project.
So I think there is I think it's about 18 megabytes, which is a lot.
So some people don't recommend you to add all of the material icons to your project because that's a
lot of space.
That's a lot.
But in this case, we're going to use it.
But just keep that in mind that it's a lot of icons that will be added to your project, which will
make your project a little bit heavier.
I get out of here, go back to their home and let's see.
So now I can say something like this icons
and I can say default, or I can even say field, right?
And I want let's see if we can get if I saw the same menu, for instance, look, I can get all these
different material.
Icons, that's very good.
But we don't want that, we want, let's say, log out, maybe log out there, it is very good, so
we have access to that.
All right.
Let's actually add in sort of an icon like this.
And then this icon log out.
And this should be better, and this is going to be logout.
OK, let's go ahead and run this real quick and see.
All right.
Let's go ahead and run this real quick and see.
OK, there we go.
This is nice.
We have that button.
Notice that if I go ahead and click right now, it should go ahead and get I signed out.
And take us to lock in the screen.
OK, let's go ahead and click and voila.
Now we're sign out and we out.